The way that I handled fatigue at work is I just pushed through it, to
be honest, Um, you know, it really depends on what's at hand. If it's
something, it's extremely important that requires me to continue
regardless, if I'm fatigued or not, I understand the bigger picture,
and I'll just keep driving forward in it. If it's something toe wear,
you know? Okay, Obviously, this is something that can wait till tomorrow,
and I'm getting fatigued. Then I'll probably take a break,
and I'll come back to that evolution the next day or more well rested
and can probably provide Ah, lot better response to that situation
than I could if I was fatigued. But depending upon it, sometimes you
just have to push through that fatigue, recognize that weakness and
overstep it and drive forward